Subscribe to my poor channel.
The enemy is defeated and the enemy remains,
and the enemy's fate is already in the past.
How long does the enemy reiterate
Karakuri when much tilt is made by their own mill?
So long that the enemy's fate cannot be National
The enemy's No. 15 is on the other side of the river.
The enemy's No. 13 is waiting for its turn.
The enemy's Shintan is taking away the sky's difficulty.
There is no time for that.
On July 18, the people of the southern province of the Ryusou,
were dancing their hearts out.
When they heard of your great battle,
they were so excited.
Ah, it was delicious.
This strawberry was a word that all the people shouted out in the same voice.
Ah, you were the people's symbol at the same time as the military's cannon.
Bearings and